In less than a day
All customers will cancel the cooperation.
White Wind and Rain
Bai Feng immediately chased the two wives back to me
I can let you go for stealing company secrets
I can still keep you by my side
Don't blame me for being heartless
Chen Tianyi, you and I are never on the same level
You'd rather have time to talk to me here
It's better to reuse employees who really bring value to the company
Just trying to fight me
It will only become a joke to you
He was helpless
If you hadn't been soft-hearted to take him in
He could be a formulator.
Do you know any investors?
What are you looking for them for?
Did the company raise you just to let you chat?
It's break time now.
A herd of cattle and horses depends on me to raise them all
You deserve a break.
Everyone works overtime all night
Otherwise, why do you get a penny?
Brother Providence
Don't be angry.
I have already sent someone to hire the most powerful formulator.
Soon our company will be taken to the next level
At that time, the white square fish will definitely kneel on the ground and beg your forgiveness.
As long as he is willing to kneel for me
Can you forgive him?
Brother God's will, what about me?
Who let you in?
Hello Mr. Chen
I am the lawyer of the Great Wall Green President
My name is Ace, and Miss Wang is entrusted to handle the divorce ceremony.
This is the divorce agreement
If there is no problem
Sign there